processing Faerun
processing Tristram
processing Arbre
processing Tambi
processing Norrath
processing Snowdin
processing Straylight
processing AlphaCentauri

Faerun
Tristram
Arbre
Tambi
Norrath
Snowdin
Straylight
AlphaCentauri
506

popped AlphaCentauri
processing Straylight
popped Straylight
processing Snowdin
processing AlphaCentauri
processing Straylight

Faerun
Tristram
Arbre
Tambi
Norrath
Snowdin
AlphaCentauri
Straylight
489

popped Straylight
processing AlphaCentauri
popped AlphaCentauri
processing Snowdin
popped Snowdin
processing Norrath
processing Straylight
processing Snowdin
popped Snowdin
processing Straylight
popped Straylight
processing Norrath
processing AlphaCentauri
processing Snowdin
popped Snowdin
processing AlphaCentauri
popped AlphaCentauri
processing Norrath
popped Norrath
processing Tambi
processing Snowdin
processing Norrath
popped Norrath
processing Snowdin
popped Snowdin
processing Tambi
processing Straylight
processing Norrath
popped Norrath
processing Straylight
popped Straylight
processing Tambi
processing AlphaCentauri
processing Norrath
popped Norrath
processing AlphaCentauri
popped AlphaCentauri
processing Tambi
popped Tambi
processing Arbre
processing Norrath
processing Tambi
popped Tambi
processing Norrath
popped Norrath
processing Arbre
processing Snowdin
processing Tambi
popped Tambi
processing Snowdin
popped Snowdin
processing Arbre
processing Straylight
processing Tambi
popped Tambi
processing Straylight
popped Straylight
processing Arbre
processing AlphaCentauri
processing Tambi
popped Tambi
processing AlphaCentauri
popped AlphaCentauri
processing Arbre
popped Arbre
processing Tristram
processing Snowdin
processing Arbre
popped Arbre
processing Snowdin
popped Snowdin
processing Tristram
processing Straylight
processing Arbre
popped Arbre
processing Straylight
popped Straylight
processing Tristram
processing Tambi
processing Arbre
popped Arbre
processing Tambi
popped Tambi
processing Tristram
processing Norrath
processing Arbre
popped Arbre
processing Norrath
popped Norrath
processing Tristram
processing AlphaCentauri
processing Arbre
popped Arbre
processing AlphaCentauri
popped AlphaCentauri
processing Tristram
popped Tristram
processing Faerun
processing Tambi
processing Tristram
popped Tristram
processing Tambi
popped Tambi
processing Faerun
processing Norrath
processing Tristram
popped Tristram
processing Norrath
popped Norrath
processing Faerun
processing AlphaCentauri
processing Tristram
popped Tristram
processing AlphaCentauri
popped AlphaCentauri
processing Faerun
processing Arbre
processing Tristram
popped Tristram
processing Arbre
popped Arbre
processing Faerun
processing Snowdin
processing Tristram
popped Tristram
processing Snowdin
popped Snowdin
processing Faerun
processing Straylight
processing Tristram
popped Tristram
processing Straylight
popped Straylight
processing Faerun
popped Faerun
{
	"AlphaCentauri": {
		"Name": "AlphaCentauri",
		"Visited": false,
		"Edges": {
			"Arbre": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 46,
				"MinPath": 46
			},
			"Faerun": {
				"Crossed": false,
				"Dist": 3,
				"MinPath": 3
			},
			"Norrath": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 136,
				"MinPath": 136
			},
			"Snowdin": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 84,
				"MinPath": 84
			},
			"Straylight": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 107,
				"MinPath": 107
			},
			"Tambi": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 22,
				"MinPath": 22
			},
			"Tristram": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 55,
				"MinPath": 55
			}
		}
	},
	"Arbre": {
		"Name": "Arbre",
		"Visited": false,
		"Edges": {
			"AlphaCentauri": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 46,
				"MinPath": 46
			},
			"Faerun": {
				"Crossed": false,
				"Dist": 149,
				"MinPath": 149
			},
			"Norrath": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 115,
				"MinPath": 115
			},
			"Snowdin": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 96,
				"MinPath": 96
			},
			"Straylight": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 14,
				"MinPath": 14
			},
			"Tambi": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 143,
				"MinPath": 143
			},
			"Tristram": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 14,
				"MinPath": 14
			}
		}
	},
	"Faerun": {
		"Name": "Faerun",
		"Visited": false,
		"Edges": {
			"AlphaCentauri": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 3,
				"MinPath": 3
			},
			"Arbre": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 149,
				"MinPath": 149
			},
			"Norrath": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 144,
				"MinPath": 144
			},
			"Snowdin": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 71,
				"MinPath": 71
			},
			"Straylight": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 137,
				"MinPath": 137
			},
			"Tambi": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 129,
				"MinPath": 129
			},
			"Tristram": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 65,
				"MinPath": 65
			}
		}
	},
	"Norrath": {
		"Name": "Norrath",
		"Visited": false,
		"Edges": {
			"AlphaCentauri": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 136,
				"MinPath": 136
			},
			"Arbre": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 115,
				"MinPath": 115
			},
			"Faerun": {
				"Crossed": false,
				"Dist": 144,
				"MinPath": 144
			},
			"Snowdin": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 8,
				"MinPath": 8
			},
			"Straylight": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 23,
				"MinPath": 23
			},
			"Tambi": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 68,
				"MinPath": 68
			},
			"Tristram": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 4,
				"MinPath": 4
			}
		}
	},
	"Snowdin": {
		"Name": "Snowdin",
		"Visited": false,
		"Edges": {
			"AlphaCentauri": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 84,
				"MinPath": 84
			},
			"Arbre": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 96,
				"MinPath": 96
			},
			"Faerun": {
				"Crossed": false,
				"Dist": 71,
				"MinPath": 71
			},
			"Norrath": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 8,
				"MinPath": 8
			},
			"Straylight": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 101,
				"MinPath": 101
			},
			"Tambi": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 52,
				"MinPath": 52
			},
			"Tristram": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 105,
				"MinPath": 105
			}
		}
	},
	"Straylight": {
		"Name": "Straylight",
		"Visited": false,
		"Edges": {
			"AlphaCentauri": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 107,
				"MinPath": 107
			},
			"Arbre": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 14,
				"MinPath": 14
			},
			"Faerun": {
				"Crossed": false,
				"Dist": 137,
				"MinPath": 137
			},
			"Norrath": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 23,
				"MinPath": 23
			},
			"Snowdin": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 101,
				"MinPath": 101
			},
			"Tambi": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 65,
				"MinPath": 65
			},
			"Tristram": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 125,
				"MinPath": 125
			}
		}
	},
	"Tambi": {
		"Name": "Tambi",
		"Visited": false,
		"Edges": {
			"AlphaCentauri": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 22,
				"MinPath": 22
			},
			"Arbre": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 143,
				"MinPath": 143
			},
			"Faerun": {
				"Crossed": false,
				"Dist": 129,
				"MinPath": 129
			},
			"Norrath": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 68,
				"MinPath": 68
			},
			"Snowdin": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 52,
				"MinPath": 52
			},
			"Straylight": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 65,
				"MinPath": 65
			},
			"Tristram": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 63,
				"MinPath": 63
			}
		}
	},
	"Tristram": {
		"Name": "Tristram",
		"Visited": false,
		"Edges": {
			"AlphaCentauri": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 55,
				"MinPath": 55
			},
			"Arbre": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 14,
				"MinPath": 14
			},
			"Faerun": {
				"Crossed": false,
				"Dist": 65,
				"MinPath": 65
			},
			"Norrath": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 4,
				"MinPath": 4
			},
			"Snowdin": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 105,
				"MinPath": 105
			},
			"Straylight": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 125,
				"MinPath": 125
			},
			"Tambi": {
				"Crossed": true,
				"Dist": 63,
				"MinPath": 63
			}
		}
	}
}
9223372036854775807
